[Doc][KubeRay]: Redis eviction suggestions when `ENABLE_GCS_FT_REDIS_CLEANUP=false` (#40949)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/kubernetes/user-guides/kuberay-gcs-ft.md

(kuberay-redis-cleanup-gate)=
### 4. Turn off Redis cleanup

* `ENABLE_GCS_FT_REDIS_CLEANUP`: True by default. You can turn this feature off by setting the environment variable in the [KubeRay operator's Helm chart](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/master/helm-chart/kuberay-operator/values.yaml).

```{admonition} Key eviction setup on Redis
If you disable `ENABLE_GCS_FT_REDIS_CLEANUP` but want Redis to remove GCS metadata automatically,
set these two options on Redis:

* `maxmemory=<your_memory_limit>`
* `maxmemory-policy=allkeys-lru`

> 

Reviewer: Nit: Where exactly do you write these options? (Is it `redis.conf`?) It might be good to be totally explicit, for beginners.

Reviewer 2: * You can store the configurations in a ConfigMap and then start the Redis server using that config file ([example](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/3754d34ef61734b569d235f5512c27c3f40d82df/ray-operator/config/samples/ray-cluster.external-redis.yaml#L1-L15)).
* You can also directly specify the options in the container command. See https://github.com/ray-project/ray/pull/40949#issuecomment-1799057691 as an example.

Reviewer 2: Maybe @rueian can add a link to https://github.com/ray-project/ray/pull/40949#issuecomment-1799057691 in the PR?

Reviewer: Thanks for the info! I think this is important to include then. (I think a nontrivial fraction of users may get stuck/confused without this info)

> * `ENABLE_GCS_FT_REDIS_CLEANUP`: The feature gate `ENABLE_GCS_FT_REDIS_CLEANUP` is true by default, and users can turn if off by setting the environment variable in [KubeRay operator's Helm chart](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/master/helm-chart/kuberay-operator/values.yaml).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `ENABLE_GCS_FT_REDIS_CLEANUP`: True by default. You can turn this feature off by setting the environment variable in the [KubeRay operator's Helm chart](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/master/helm-chart/kuberay-operator/values.yaml).
```

Reviewer 3: What is the difference between disabling this feature and turning it off by setting the environment variable in the Helm chart?

Author: Setting the environment variable in the Helm chart is the only way to disable the feature if you deploy kuberay with helm.

> ```{admonition} Setup Key Eviction on Redis

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```{admonition} Setup key eviction on Redis
```

> If users turn `ENABLE_GCS_FT_REDIS_CLEANUP` off but still want GCS metadata to be removed automatically,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you disable `ENABLE_GCS_FT_REDIS_CLEANUP` but still want Redis to remove GCS metadata automatically,
```

Reviewer 3: Is this what you mean?

Author: Yes, it is. Thank you for clarification and I think removing the word “still” will be better.

> users could consider setting these two options on Redis side:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
set these two options on Redis:
```

* `maxmemory=<your_memory_limit>`
* `maxmemory-policy=allkeys-lru`

> These two options instruct Redis to delete least recently used keys when it reaches the `maxmemory` limit.

Reviewer 2: I am not familiar with Redis. What's the definition of "used keys" in Redis? Will the timestamp be updated for a running RayCluster?

Author: Yes, the access timestamp will be updated when any redis operation touches the key.

A RayCluster stores all metadata into one Redis key and keeps updating it, therefore, setting `maxmemory-policy=allkeys-lru` will make a running RayCluster to be less likely evicted by redis.

> These two options instruct Redis to delete least recently used keys when it reaches the `maxmemory` limit.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These two options instruct Redis to delete the least recently used keys when it reaches the `maxmemory` limit.
```

> See [Redis Key Eviction Docuemnt](https://redis.io/docs/reference/eviction/) for more information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
See [Key eviction](https://redis.io/docs/reference/eviction/) from Redis for more information.
```

> However, please be aware that this eviction is done by Redis and it don't guarantee that

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note that Redis does this eviction and it doesn't guarantee that
```

> those deleted keys will not be used by Ray anymore.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Ray won't use the deleted keys.
```
